hi everybody today i want to recap a
romance drama movie called molina hope
you enjoy
on june 10th 1940 in the small sicilian
town of castelsuto a teenage boy named
renato experiences three major events
italy enters world war ii he receives a
new bike and he first sees the beautiful
and sensual molina who is the most
desired young woman in town
[Music]
her husband is in the armed forces
fighting the british in africa and she
lives alone
because of her looks and her solitary
status she is an object of lust for all
the town's men and of hatred for its
women
she keeps an eye on her infirm old
father who lives alone
until he gets an anonymous note
slandering her which causes him to
reject her
renato becomes obsessed with molina
spying on her in her house and stalking
her when she leaves it
to fuel his erotic fantasies he steals
some of her underwear from her
clothesline
when his parents find it in his bedroom
they become upset and try to break his
fixation
melina gets the news that her husband is
killed adding grief to her isolation
rumors grow around her which she
unwisely fuels by allowing an unmarried
air force officer to visit her after
dark
when she is denounced and put on trial
the officer sends testimony that he was
nothing more than an occasional friend
the betrayal hurts but molina says
nothing to condemn him after her
acquittal her advocate pays her a visit
and rapes her
renato decides to be molina's protector
asking god and his saints to watch over
her and performing little acts of
vengeance against her detractors
he does not realize that his views of
her a little better than those of the
townspeople and has no idea how melina
herself feels
meanwhile the war reaches sicily and the
town is bombed by the allies killing her
father
now penniless and universally scorned
with nobody willing to give her work she
sinks into prostitution
the townsfolk are happy to see her as a
[ __ ] rather than a dangerous widow
when nazi forces occupy the town and
renato encounters his idol with two
german soldiers he faints
his mother decides it is demonic
possession taking him to a priest for
exorcism
but his more practical father takes the
lad to the town brothel
there he fantasizes that the prostitute
initiating him is molina
the germans leave and american troops
enter the town welcomed by ecstatic
cheers
the women stormed the hotel and drag out
molina ripping off her clothes beating
her and cutting off her hair
to escape further persecution she leaves
the hostile town a few days later her
husband nino who has survived as a
prisoner of war but lost an arm comes
back looking for her
his house has been taken over by
displaced people and nobody wants to
tell him how to find his wife
[Music]
renato leaves him an anonymous note
saying that she still loves him but has
suffered misfortunes and gone to the
city of messina
a year later nino and molina return and
are seen
since she is still married and living
once again with her
they realize that she is no longer a
threat
so people begin speaking of her with
more respect when she goes to the market
the women
walking
[Music]
an enigmatic home
[Applause]
[Music]
thanks for watching consider to
subscribe and see you again in the next
video